command/sync: update default strategy, update tests (#369)
peak/s5cmd: README.md

ls # inline comments are OK too
```

#### Sync

> With `sync` command, it's possible to synchronise files between an S3 bucket and a local directory;

Reviewer: I read that as we only support s3->dir sync. Let's elaborate, like "`sync` command synchronizes S3 buckets, prefixes and directories. It also can synchronize given S3 buckets or prefixes.".

Author: Updated the sentence

> Suppose we have following files;

Reviewer: Before diving into how it works, let's make it clear that we never touch anything in the source. We never delete anything from the source. Sync code assumes the source as the truth.

Author: Tried to make it clear with a little bit of glimpse on how it syncs. How does it sound like?

Reviewer: Looks better. Thanks.

2021/09/29 10:00:01                90 styles.css
2021/09/29 11:10:01                10 test.html
```
running would;
* copy `favicon.ico`
  * file does not exist in destination.
* copy `styles.css`
  * source file is newer than to remote counterpart.
* copy `readme.md`
  * even though the source one is older, it's size differs from the destination one; assuming source file is the source of truth.
```
s5cmd sync . s3://bucket/static/

cp favicon.ico s3://bucket/static/favicon.ico
cp styles.css s3://bucket/static/styles.css
cp readme.md s3://bucket/static/readme.md
```

Running with `--delete` flag would delete files those do not exist in the source;
```
s5cmd sync --delete . s3://bucket/static/

rm s3://bucket/test.html
cp favicon.ico s3://bucket/static/favicon.ico
cp styles.css s3://bucket/static/styles.css
cp readme.md s3://bucket/static/readme.md
```

It's also possible to use wildcards to sync only a subset of files.

To sync `.html` files in S3 bucket above to same local file system;

```
s5cmd sync 's3://bucket/static/*.html' .

cp s3://bucket/prefix/index.html index.html
cp s3://bucket/prefix/test.html test.html
```

##### Strategy
###### Default

> By default `s5cmd` compares files' both size and modification times, treating source files as 'source-of-truth'. Any difference in size or modification time would cause `s5cmd` to copy source object to destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `s5cmd` compares files' both size **and** modification times, treating source files as **source of truth**. Any difference in size or modification time would cause `s5cmd` to copy source object to destination.
```

mod time    |  size        |  should sync
------------|--------------|-------------
src > dst   |  src != dst  |  ✅
src > dst   |  src == dst  |  ✅
src <= dst  |  src != dst  |  ✅
src <= dst  |  src == dst  |  ❌

###### Size only

> With `--size-only` flag, it's possible to use the strategy that would only compare file sizes. Source treated as 'source-of-truth' and any difference in sizes would cause `s5cmd` to copy source object to destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `--size-only` flag, it's possible to use the strategy that would only compare file sizes. Source treated as **source of truth** and any difference in sizes would cause `s5cmd` to copy source object to destination.
```

ls # inline comments are OK too
```

#### Sync
`sync` command synchronizes S3 buckets, prefixes, directories and files between S3 buckets and prefixes as well.

> It compares files between source and destination, taking source files as **source-of-destination**;

Reviewer: source-of-truth?

Author: Updated 🤦
